9User Story

Student Story:
            1. As a student I want to register an exam portal so that I get Notification about exam.
            2. As a student I want to check schedule so that I can attempt it.
            3. As a student  I want to login exam portal so that attempt the exam.
            4. As a student I want to check assessment result so that I get my progress.
            5. As a student I want to login portal so that I can gget admit card.
Faculty:
	- As a faculty, I want to generate assessment report so that I can evaluate student performance.
	- As a faculty, I want to login portal so that I can access my profile and edit my information.
	- As a faculty, I can set examination.
	- As a faculty, I can share study material and assignments.
	- As a faculty, I can check syllabus so that I can conduct my lectures according to updated syllabus.
 
EXAMINER:
           01. As an examiner,i want to submit filtered questions on the portal so that student can access at the time of exam.
           02. As an examiner,i want to create "previous year question paper bank",so that student can refer it to improve their           
               performance in upcoming exam.
           03. As an examniner,i want an open feedback system by students to identify/show technical or mannual error in question papaer.
           04. As an examiner,i want to upload answer key of a recently conducted exam on the portal so that student can cross verify their 
               submitted answer.
           05. As an examiner,i want to get student details for authentication so students can able to log in their account.
           06. As an examiner,i want to get access to restart an exam at the time of random login error.

Supervisor:
            1. As a supervisor, I want to supervise students so that they can't discuss while exam is going on.
            2. As a supervisor, I want to login on exam portal so that I can allow student to give exam.
            3. As a supervisor, I want to maintain discipline in the exam hall so that there will be comfortable enviorment.
            4. As a supervisor, I want to be helpful so that it will help students for any query.
            5. As a supervisor, I want to ensure that all the rules and regulation are being followed so that any misbehaviour can't take place.

CDAC-Director:
	-As a director, I want to login so that I can view my profile and edit the information.\
	-As a director, I want to see student details, their marks.
	-As a director, I want to see the Schedule
	-As a director, I want to see the Question paper so that I can include my suggestion.
	-As a director, I can control the user access of the Students, Examiner, Faculty and Supervisor.
